>> Hey, everybody. Hey, Michael.
Welcome to one more wonderful Python Bytes
in the wonderful world of Python,
and it's the week before PyCon.
>> It's PyCon Eve.
>> Yeah. So pretty excited.
>> It's two days.
>> Two days. It starts.
>> Two and a half days.
>> Or the tutorials might be going already.
I don't know when they start.
>> I don't either. Maybe I think it's Wednesday.
>> Wednesday. Okay.
>> So for people who are not watching in real time, that's tomorrow.
>> So there's probably a lot of people going to listen to this one on
the flight or the train or the car, whatever.
>> Indeed. Enjoy your trip to PyCon if you're going.
>> For everybody else, let's get started.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is Episode 383,
recorded May 14th, 2024.
I am Brian Okken.
>> I'm Michael Kennedy.
>> Today's episode is sponsored by a new sponsor, Mailtrap.
Thank you, Mailtrap. Listen to their spot later in the show.
If you want to connect to us,
we're all on Fosstodon and on Mastodon.
Those links are all in the show notes, of course.
Also in the show notes or just at pythonbytes.fm,
you can find out information to join us live on YouTube.
It's always fun. If not, that's okay.
But you can catch us later if you sign up to be a friend of the show,
you can get the e-mail.
The friend of the show e-mails are going well.
It's growing well.
I'm excited about that.
Also, the open rate is staying very high.
So that's pretty exciting. So thank you.
>> People must care. I think it's cool.
I enjoy getting them myself, actually.
>> Yeah, I do too.
>> Also, I enjoy hearing from Michael about the exciting news in Python.
So Michael, what do you got for us first?
>> Let's kick it off. I mean,
Brian, why aren't you shipping code faster? Come on.
What's taking so long?
>> Well.
>> You know that feeling when you start a new project,
it thinks everything's going quick,
and then after a couple of years,
you're like, why do we have so many meetings to add a button?
You know what I mean? Or something like that.
>> Yeah, it's tricky.
So we're not the only ones to wonder this.
Daksh Gupta said,
"I was also wondering this," but he took more action than most people I imagine would,
and said, "I'm going to ask 100 developers why they aren't shipping code faster,
and then write it up." So I read it up, and let's share it.
There's some interesting things in here, basically.
So look, I talked to people from a lot of the tech companies you would know,
Meta, Pinterest, Heroku, Roblox, etc.
Some that I could probably make a joke out of,
but I'm going to try not to.
I'm going to try not to.
But I thought it might be fun to summarize this for you.
All right. So they broke it down into multiple big categories,
like meetings or human interaction type stuff.
And the first big category is code bases.
And right at the top is dependency bugs.
You kind of got to look at these a little bit of,
what are your current today blockers?
And maybe the person who said, "I'm blocked by this,"
is a 27-year-old who never worked,
when your only resource was a book, and there were no packages,
no dependencies.
You want a dependency?
You crack it open, and you get the algorithm,
and you start writing.
You know what I mean? Like that.
So the problem is, they say, "Look, if I hit..."
They have got a bunch of quotes that are actually nice in here.
Like, so Jack, an ex-Microsoft person,
says, "The number one barrier to shipping faster is dependency bugs."
So hitting a random mysterious bug with libraries
that require reading tons of old code,
or stack overflow links and GitHub issues,
or just trying to figure out, like, why does this thing,
why did it stop working? You know what I mean?
And I would change that a little bit,
or maybe Michael's version is,
when something changes and it becomes incompatible,
and the worst case scenario is,
especially with the modern resolver in pip, basically,
is if we can't find a matching fit for you,
you don't get it, rather than,
we're going to give you a warning that it's not a great idea,
but we're going to let you run it, right?
So if there's something that says,
"I have to have this version of a library less than a version,"
and something else says, "I have to have this library
greater than a version,"
and there's not an intersection there,
you're now hunting around, and it's, you're like,
"Well, guess we're done."
And you can roll back, right?
You could say, "Okay, well, what of this, like,
weird combination of things that it's coming up
that I got to deal with, can I roll back
so that there is an intersection?"
But if you need a new feature, all right, then it's hard.
Or even if it's not a new feature, you need,
it's just like, "Well, here's an hour and a half
I spent juggling the intersection of these dependencies,
such that I didn't care about their interaction, really.
I just want them both to be here,
but there's this bizarre interaction I got to deal with."
And my complaint about the pip being 100% like,
"No, we can't find it, so you don't get it,"
is that incompatibility, the one thing that said less than,
the other thing said greater than,
maybe that has to do with multi-processing.
If you're not using multi-processing,
it would probably be fine.
Even though there's like a known intersection bug,
if you're not using that part of the code path,
it's not your problem.
And you can say like, "I tested it.
I don't care if it says it's the wrong version.
I want to just keep working."
And so that's a lot of timing spent on that.
- Okay, there also is bugs in your dependencies.
And I don't know if that was covered by this or not.
- Yes, that's true.
- But that's one of those,
I think there's expectations that don't match really
how they, what reality should be.
So we, like you said, we used to write all of our code.
And even if you got it out of a book,
you wouldn't blame the book author
if there was a bug in it, you would fix it yourself.
But now we've got tons of dependencies
and there's a lot of projects
that are really 10 to 20% new code
and the rest of it we're pulling in from everybody else.
Now, if those other things have a bug,
do we think that it's,
we just save time to not have to write all that.
Do we go out and fix those in the dependent projects
or do we just complain about it or?
- Yeah, exactly.
Exactly, and it's usually open source.
Usually PRs are welcome, right?
You don't want to do it.
But that's why I brought up like the younger developer
who didn't have to live through the time
where there were no package management things
'cause there were no packages, right?
You just, maybe if you're lucky,
you download some random code off the internet
and you like work it into your app, right?
And so the velocity of writing software
is so much faster than it used to be.
And when it takes a step back by 20%
because that thing has drawbacks,
it's still vastly better than it used to be.
So that was all I was saying there.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And I know you live through the same thing, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, okay, so that's not the only one.
No, no, there's plenty more.
Complicated code bases.
It's tricky.
- I would have put this at number one if it was me.
- Yeah.
So it says here, look, the logic is sound.
You got a growing startup.
You got to ship fast or you're going to die.
No time to write docs.
Early engineers churn out as the company grows.
New engineers come into a big mess
and they've got to deal with it,
but they still got to grow fast, ship fast, et cetera, right?
It says Maria from Amazon says,
there's so much undocumented in our service,
including poor records of new features,
non-existent or outdated info in our dependencies
or even essential things like best practices for testing.
A lot of time is wasted
and things trying to find what this is all about, right?
And nobody has time to write documentation,
which creates a vicious cycle.
This is your number one?
- The complicated code base is definitely be number one,
but the documentation and comments part,
I used to have a tool handy that would strip out,
do a fork of a repo and strip out all the comments
because it was so much easier to navigate
some code bases without the comments.
- Yeah.
Comments are great, but if it's,
and I don't really know what else you do for this,
but if the function is, let's say 10 lines,
but the documentation is 20 or 30,
all of a sudden you're like, okay, I'm trying to see,
I'm trying, you know what I mean?
It's like a little tricky and you can do stuff,
for example, in editors, you can code fold the comments
and things like that, right?
That could help.
- Yeah, but also like when you fix a bug,
do you go back and fix the comment?
Sometimes not.
- Sometimes not.
- Okay, let's move on.
- All right, next major section is process and QA loops.
I'm gonna see what you think about this,
but it's not so much a test or no test,
but when you have a QA department and so on,
it says Taylor, who's worked for a series
of high growth startups, says,
me, creating a test spec for QA,
QA finding problems,
getting a list of problems two days later,
fixing the merge conflicts,
'cause the code has changed since then,
switching back, back to QA, keep looping,
that kind of thing, right?
Maybe the challenge here is depending on other people
for your code quality.
- Yeah, I think that's always in large projects,
it's always gonna be a thing,
but having one of the things that helps with that,
I know we're not trying to fix this here,
but having embedded QA developers in the development teams.
- Yeah, that's an interesting suggestion for sure.
Waiting for specs on larger companies,
just waiting for, what are we gonna build?
Well, I gotta wait for people to approve the schemas
or the API points or whatever.
- People wishing we had waterfall again,
I don't know what's going on.
- Yeah, exactly, just design it all up front
and give it to me.
(laughing)
I think a lot of the next one also
is awaiting stakeholder approval.
I think there's just a lot of that kind of stuff.
- We're a pure vegetarian team, so we have no stakeholders.
(laughing)
- Put the steak down.
Okay, Raj from AWS said, "Amazon meetings approval,
"taking 10 different stakeholder,
"talking to 10 different stakeholders
"because changing the color of a button
"affects 15 microservices."
(laughing)
Oh, microservices, could that just be its own thing
like microservices?
Okay, let's go.
(laughing)
Writing tests, devs complain around
tests could be basically divided into one,
not enough tests or bad tests.
So Grant at FinTech Unicorn,
"The biggest thing was we didn't have good tests
"or good types, so I had to do a whole lot of work to do
"and testing of stuff whenever I wanted to ship things."
- Yeah.
- You could have wrote them.
He could have wrote them.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Another one has to do with,
it doesn't at first sound like bad tests,
but CI/CD taking so long,
so running pipelines for shipping takes a lot of time
and ensures proper code coverage.
The tests sometimes require these pipelines
to take their time, which slows us down.
Yeah.
- Yeah, I know there's more here,
but one of the metrics that I love is throughput.
So is it throughput or cycle time?
I don't know.
I think it's cycle time.
Basically, how long does it take you to get
from like a single line code change that's to shipping
and how like all that process through the CI pipeline,
the testing approvals, whatever you have to do
to measure that and try to get that as low as possible
and get the junk out of it
because that is a problem.
- Yeah, absolutely.
All right, I kind of also blended the last one
together with this.
So people are waiting for PRs to be approved.
Scope creep.
Josh says, "The human tendency to stuff last minute items
"into the crevices of their luggage minutes
"before leaving for the airport manifests itself
"at software companies as scope creep.
"Slowly and surely it will push back your release date
"with every incremental addition feeling like
"an insignificant task, but in aggregate,
"adding significant molasses to the team's philosophy."
Yes, just ship it and then add those features later.
Excessive meetings, I agree.
And this, okay, I'm gonna wrap it up with this one, Brian,
'cause it's been kind of long, but this is interesting.
Motivation, Diane, a former engineer at Meta
said the number one reason that slowed her down
was motivation.
So honest answer is I was working on ads.
And that's a very old, complicated, and large stack.
I didn't understand it.
My friends on younger teams seemed happier.
I was miserable.
Yeah, like, so basically, shouldn't be surprising,
people wanna work on inspiring projects.
And when you're inspired, think more about it,
you put more time into it, and be like,
"Well, could we squeeze a percent of a percent
"out of this retargeting thing
"to squeeze a bit more money for the company?"
Like, not the same as sort of inspiration, is it?
All right, well, people can check this list out,
and hopefully, you know, maybe bring some of these ideas
together to push back some of these problems
at your company.
Yeah.
All right, back to you, Brian.
- Well, I wanna talk about Python 3.13, yay!
- Speaking of shipping things.
- Yeah, shipping things.
3.13, 3.13.0, beta one is released as of May 8th.
I guess this is like a week old.
Anyway, beta one released,
and there's some fun stuff in here.
So beta's available to play with,
and reminder, the beta does not mean
that it's completely done.
It is half-baked.
So the feature freeze for Python,
is it in feature freeze?
I guess, is it feature?
- I believe so.
- Oh, okay.
- Yeah, I believe when they hit beta,
they say, "What's here is here."
- Yeah, okay.
- Ideally, unless maybe they have to go
to take something out,
because they can't get it to work in the end.
- All right, so disclaimer, it is still under development,
but it is, there are four beta releases.
Previews is planned for 3.13,
and this, so this is a good time to,
it says, "We bold, strongly encourage maintainers
"of third-party projects to test with 3.13."
So time to turn on your,
or at least check to see if you can turn
on your 3.13 pipelines in CI.
So a whole bunch of fun new things in 3.13.
A lot of these are sort of internal stuff
that are, that I'm excited about,
but end users maybe might not care about.
There's the experimental thread,
free threaded build mode with,
to disable the GIL, that's kind of fun.
A preliminary experimental just-in-time compiler.
That's kind of neat.
This is cool, a cyclic garbage collect,
a garbage collector that is now incremental,
which should mean shorter pauses for collection
and programs with a lot of objects.
And a different version of Mimalloc,
Mimalloc, I don't know how to pronounce that.
That, yeah, some possible memory improvements,
which is kind of neat.
The thing that I'm really, okay, a couple other notes.
I'll get to the exciting thing that I'm excited about.
There's a bunch of removals.
So I guess we're getting rid of CGI now, whatever.
That's how you run the web.
- However, I run my website.
(laughing)
- And last week I did, I mentioned this last week,
typing that type is, type is,
I think I pronounced it type LS, it's IS.
That makes more sense, thanks.
I was looking at the wrong font, I guess.
But the, some of the exciting bits
are that we have a new improved REPL
or interactive interpreter.
And this is so exciting that actually Trey Hunter
wrote an article about it.
So even like the URL for this is,
I have the URL hidden,
is like my favorite thing of Python 3.13.
So what's cool about the REPL
is there's a bunch of cool stuff.
There's a, it's colored prompt, which is fun.
We like colors now.
And then, ooh, it's like blue.
There's, you can exit now.
You used to have to do,
it used to say like exit, bracket, bracket, or exit.
- What, it'll exit?
- Yeah, exit works now.
- Oh my gosh.
I was thinking of doing a PR to make this happen.
I'm just like, why is this so cool?
(laughing)
- Yay, exit works.
- I mean a pep, just like, we gotta,
like we gotta rally folks.
- No, this is worth 3.13 just to get exit to work.
(laughing)
Block level history, really cool.
So basically this is like some of these niceties
that you used to get from other sort of alternative REPLs,
things like being able to edit the block
and some little block history.
It's really pretty cool to be able to like go back
and modify things.
And pasting code works better.
So if you copy some stuff out of the REPL
and paste it in the REPL,
it doesn't paste in the dot, dot, dots correctly.
You know, it does that right now.
So, so neat.
- Yeah.
- The downside, it's curses.
So it won't work correctly on,
doesn't currently work on Windows.
So that's, actually it's a pretty big deal, but you know.
Anyway, some fun stuff.
- Why not Rich?
- Rich and Textual.
That would have been awesome if they'd done that.
(laughing)
Right, I mean, I'm not joking.
Like there's, it works all cross-platform.
It's got some incredible UI stuff.
Would have been cool.
- Yeah, Rich and Textual don't work everywhere either,
but you know, but more places.
Maybe this is a to be done,
or maybe just you get the old terminal on Windows,
but you know, that's 50% of the user base, right?
That's not, it's not like, well,
there's one particular micro Python type of device
that's like this odd $5 thing that goes into tractors
that it won't work.
It's like half of the user base.
- Yeah.
- So I don't know, that's a.
- Well, Blaze recommends instead of exit,
we should just require people to do colon Q.
- How do you exit the ruffle?
You reboot your computer.
Okay, next.
- All right, well, should we talk about
our lovely sponsor Mailchimp?
- Yes, indeed.
Although I would like to add two things real quick,
and then I'll tell everyone about them.
One, this is very exciting.
It's going to be interesting to see
where the free threaded Python stuff goes,
'cause that's another one of the big deals.
But it's weird, right?
You've got to have a separate build.
It's not even a flag or something you can set,
but it's gonna be something else.
But also the high performance changes
outside of this free threaded thing with a JIT.
Excuse me, a JIT?
Not just interpreted, this is great.
So very interesting.
And then a follow up, I apologize,
I can't remember who said it in the comments,
but DORA, DevOps Research and Assessment Metrics,
includes four key metrics divided into these areas,
deployment frequency or lead time for changes
to measure team velocity and change failure rate
and time to restore service and measure stability.
So that's pretty cool.
- DORA metrics, nice.
How about we talk Mailtrap now?
- Okay.
- This episode is sponsored by Mailtrap,
an email delivery platform that developers love.
An email sending solution with industry best analytics,
SMTP and email API, as well as SDKs
for major programming languages and 24/7 human support.
Try for free at mailtrap.io.
- Yeah, thank you Mailtrap for supporting the show.
Awesome to have them on board.
We'll be telling you about them on upcoming shows as well.
All right.
So if you do Jupyter Notebooks, Brian,
I mean, this is gonna sound a little,
so we see some pictures.
If you do Jupyter Notebooks or JupyterLab in particular,
it's got the way it looks and so on,
but what if you could have a nice theming system for it?
So there's an extension, I wanna highlight,
JupyterLab Theme Editor, which is an extension
to provide basically editing colors, font families,
font sizes of different elements in the user interface.
So pretty cool, you can just install it
and then you can open up this little sidebar
and it lets you pick the layout color,
the ax out color, the border color,
the UI font size, the content font size.
So one of the things that sometimes drives me crazy
about UIs, think about like Zoom.
If you go to VS Code and you say Zoom,
well, Zoom's everything.
Like, what if I just wanna Zoom
just the stuff I actually care about, like the text,
and I don't want all the other crap
to take up more space on my screen
and make the text even harder to read.
Why don't I just take over there and just see, right?
So having different settings for content size
versus UI element size is really awesome.
So there's a bunch of things like that.
And yeah, you can basically pick all these different colors
that you like, you know, if you want a style
to be a light blue on dark blue or dark blue on light blue
or purple or whatever you want.
There's a bunch of color palettes you can pick from,
which is pretty nice.
And it's not a huge thing, but it's kind of interesting.
So pip install Jupyter Theme Editor and off you go.
- Yeah, I wanna try to make it seem
like an early 2000s.
- Yeah, where's like the blinking elements
and the gradients?
Come on now.
(both laughing)
Yeah, so that's a quick one,
but people can check it out if they use JupyterLab.
- Nice. - Yeah.
- All right, well, I've got another quick one, a little bit.
We were talking about using rich and textual
in the, for colors and stuff
and love both of those projects.
One of the things that, and you can get colors
and things, nice help output if you're using like TyperClick
or some of the other extensions
for different argument parsing.
But a lot of people, and I do too on simple projects,
I just use ArgParse.
Works great for simple things.
It's nice to test.
However, it's more black and white.
So today we've got rich ArgParse.
So rich ArgParse is cool.
It's not, so if you're having a command line program
that you wanna use colors, of course you could use rich,
just use the colors, but the help is auto-generated.
Well, rich ArgParse, or auto-generates the format.
Rich ArgParse gets colors in those.
So it's got nice orange color, orange and blue
and white and green and some different great colors
to really highlight.
It's a lot easier to read the help text if it's in color.
So if you can add, if you're okay with adding a dependency,
this is great.
And it's also like really easy to add.
I was like, is it possible that this is so easy?
And so the, how you add it,
there is a whole bunch of features.
So there's built-in formatters.
So rich ArgParse defines different formatters
to help with the help formatter or the raw description
help formatter, there are different types.
But the easiest thing to do to try it out
is all you have to do is import a rich help formatter.
And when you're instantiating your argument parser,
you just pass in a rich help formatter
as the formatter class.
And that those two lines of code, that's all we did.
So I wanted to try this out to see how fun colors were
in your help.
And I've got a little test project called test ArgParse apps
basically a hello world app that uses ArgParse
and runs testing on it.
And I'm like, how do I do that?
And so the help for the, my little program looks like this.
It's just white, normal.
And when I added these two,
just these two lines of code for rich ArgParse,
you just get a nice orange and blue.
- It's really much nicer.
- Yeah.
- Color in the terminal is,
I feel it's kind of non-optional.
- I will say that it is one more dependency though.
And one of the reasons why I use ArgParse a lot of times
is because I don't want to add any dependencies
and I still want argument parsing.
So keep that in mind.
So.
- That's a totally good point,
but I can imagine plenty of projects that said,
we're not going to have dependencies.
Let's just use ArgParse.
And then eventually they start having some.
And once you're already there,
you might as well throw this on here and make it look nicer
without writing much different code, right?
- Yeah.
And I love that it's, I mean, there are more features.
You go through, go look at the documentation,
but I love projects where you can make your program better
by just adding a couple lines of code.
It's pretty, pretty great.
- Indeed.
Jeff out there likes to bring it full circle.
So wasn't dependency issues,
one of the biggest causes for slowdown development?
Yes.
- Well, it's also,
it's just two lines of code to change back
if you got a test break, you can take that out.
So.
- That's assuming that you're the original developer
that knows that it's still there.
They could have left and then, no, I'm just kidding.
(both laughing)
That's a fair point, honestly.
- So.
- Anyway, I like it.
- Well, those are items.
Do you have any extras for us?
- Only one.
- Okay.
- Only one, but I will, it's very exciting.
So I'm, but it's just one of them.
So it's good.
It's the only one.
We have a brand new course over at Talk Python.
And this is done by Vincent,
who's been on the podcast before with us.
So it's called Getting Started with NLP and spaCy.
- Oh, neat.
- Yeah, so basically if you have a lot of text
and you want to process it, pull out entities,
understand things about it, right?
Like at a real deep level, you know, NLP.
spaCy is one of the most important ways
that you can, one of the most important libraries
for doing that.
And so here's an awesome course that talks about
how to do that with spaCy, but also even goes into
using a little bit, some of the extensions
and fun things like spaCy LLM to integrate, say,
ChatGPT or other LLMs along with the spaCy processing
to pull things out.
Talks about training custom spaCy models.
Vincent did a really cool job where basically
all the examples of this course are based on
Talk Python To Me podcast transcripts.
So he wrote a single function that will give you
every line ever spoken on Talk Python over the last
eight years as a generator,
which is insanely awesome.
- And completely not useful.
- Very interesting, right?
Very interesting how to use the generators,
but then you can just start feeding that kind of information
and say, well, who is talked about FastAPI?
When you do talk about FastAPI, what other projects
in the libraries were talked about?
And you could do things to discover sort of the zeitgeist
of a topic or a tool over time by seeing how much
other guests on the show talk about it and stuff.
It's a really cool course and I think people should
definitely check it out.
Train and annotate your own data,
do all sorts of fun things.
So the link is in the show notes and if you're on the list,
I will probably be sending you an email about it as well.
But yeah, very excited to have this new course up
for everyone.
It's gonna be a lot of fun.
Yeah.
- The one extra I've got is last week I announced
that I was gonna switch the pytest course,
the one at pythontest.com.
Of course, there is also a pytest course
at Talk Python training.
Definitely still worth trying out,
but there's the complete pytest course that covers
the entire Python or the pytest book.
That switched to Podia and that switch is done to Podia.
So, well, almost done.
It's there.
Everybody's been invited except for one person.
So they didn't get their invite.
I'll get that out later today.
But if you're still using the teachable version,
it'll still be around till a little bit into June,
but please switch over soon.
And then the next step of this is Podia comes
with email services too.
So I'm switching from ConvertKit to Podia for email
and I'm starting that this week.
So doing that.
That's the news on my end.
And a lot of this has to do with just,
since I'm not as a turbo of a course creator as Michael is,
it's to keep my overhead down
and so that I can do smaller courses cheaper
and get more of them out to you.
There's still good quality stuff.
It's just--
- That's awesome.
Yeah, you keep the optionality, right?
- Keep the optionality open.
So, yeah.
All right.
- Yeah, congratulations.
I know that's a big deal to move all that stuff around.
- Yeah, it was a little stressful.
I was worried that tons of people are gonna be mad,
but I haven't had any complaints so far
and I'm not inviting other people to complain, but.
(both laughing)
- If you want to use a complaint, no, just kidding.
- Anyway.
Oh, one of the cool things that it has
that I hadn't used before is there's comments
within the course.
So people can ask questions like right there.
I know it's a complicated topic,
so it's kind of cool to have comments.
- Yeah, that is cool.
- Anyway.
Do you have anything funny for us, Michael?
- I do, I do, I do.
Let's see.
Let me put it up here.
So another testing one to follow up
with your extra of course.
Comes to us from the venerable XKCD.
This is 2928.
Okay, so it's called Software Testing Day.
Did you know there's a Software Testing Day, Brian?
- No.
- Yeah, it's right behind Valentine's Day, apparently.
So do you and the other QA engineers
have any fun plans for the holiday?
- Yeah, assuming the schedule system doesn't crash.
Software Testing Day is a holiday celebrated
every negative one years on January 0th at 2571 p.m.
- That's why I don't celebrate.
- Then if you look at the hover, as you do on XKCD,
it says the company tried to document
how often employees were celebrating Software Testing Day,
but their record keeping system kept mysteriously crashing.
- This is good.
- It's a subtle one, right?
- Yeah.
- Celebrate every negative one years.
- I actually had the question today from somebody
as to why we can't structure our tests
so that we can completely test our complicated software
so that we never see anything after we write the code.
- Yeah.
What is a messy place?
I wanted to ask him how much time he had
because proving software is correct
is something we tried to do a long time ago
and it's not worth going down that road.
- Yeah, the only few places it might make sense
is like the Voyager probe.
Or something like that.
We're sending it out and we want it to run
50 years from now.
- No, thoroughly testing is good,
but you still can't prove that you've caught
all the bugs, you just can't.
- Yeah, absolutely.
All right, well, here's a nice little test case
for him to use.
- Yeah, every negative one years.
- Indeed.
- Nice.
All right, well, oh, fun, cool.
Blaze just mentioned, speaking of testing,
BlazeTube says, "Fun fact, right after this session,
"they're meeting to go through chapter six
"of the pytest book."
Yay.
Anyway.
- Cool.
Well, thanks a lot for this wonderful episode, Michael.
- Yep, as always.
Bye, Brian, bye, everyone.